Welcome back.
And in this lecture size we're going to be using switch and we're going to create a really nice interesting
magic 8 ball.
So basically it will help us predict what our answer is going to be and what's going to happen in the
future.
OK.
Not really.
It's going to just be a random response.
So what I want you to do is to create a prompt asking the user to ask their question and then create
a random value where we can return back some kind of random statement to the user using switch take
the value of that random number and generate my response back to the user and then output response by
using the using the question as well as what was responded to so pause the video give it a try and I'm
going to show you the solution coming up.
So the first thing that we need to do is we need to ask a question and we saw this earlier that we can
do this via the prompt as your or we just say Ask me anything.
So basically this is a very open ended and we're just asking a user to ask.
I asked a question and we to create some fun responses that we can send back to the user.
So next we needed to create a random number so let's create a random
and this number.
So depending on how many responses we were expecting to do we could have various random numbers.
So if you got really creative you probably have quite a few random numbers.
So for this one it's always good to decide how many random numbers I'm doing.
So let's do random numbers and let's do six different responses.
So we're rounding it down.
So I get I have values coming back anywhere from 0 to 5.
So I know that I can apply this within my switch statement set up switch
and we know that what the value that we want to pass is random number.
So let's pass that value in.
And now let's evaluate that and make something happen with it.
And we saw earlier that we can set cases.
So this one is going to be really straightforward because we're going to have Case case 0 2 5 and then
we'll also have a default case.
So also let's let's do an answer.
And for the answer actually we could still make him Let's update that to answer.
So you could just say something went wrong.
And again hopefully we never see that that something went wrong but just in case we got that sitting
in there.
So that case number one let's update answer.
So we'll set.
So if if it's case number one then what we're going to do so this is the auction that we're going to
do and we're going to take answer and we're going to equal answer to this is where you got to be something
creative and it will work out.
And that is generally in this eight ball should be very vague because we don't actually know what type
of question the user is asking.
So we just want to have some type of interesting generally funny maybe provocative response for the
users.
So next let's do another one where maybe and maybe not.
So this is our response.
And then again don't forget those breaks because those are those breaks are really important when you're
building out these cases otherwise as we saw earlier it will just continue to run through.
So next
we'll say probably not.
So just trying to think of just some very vague types of responses and maybe just do one more and then
I'll just leave it up to the default.
So I don't want to spend too much time on coming up with some creative answers here.
So just so that you get the idea.
So the likely
and we'll break it again.
And then lastly let's do our default and if we only had if we had two more than we generally wouldn't
have to do that default.
But let's just do one just anyway just in case.
So use in the colon again and this time with us to answer.
And this one will be
I don't know about that.
So again something very vague so that we can return something back to the user as they get the question.
And then lastly Now we just need to put it into court.
And this one is in each year now.
And then let's put.
So first of all let's say you asked me and then here is the question.
And let's do a line break so do some H.J. himself here because we are using it or H Tim L
I think that is not so just leave it at that.
And I'm just hoping that my answers do work.
So there we go.
So let's give it a shot.
So refresh ask me anything.
Is javascript's going to be around so the two rounds in 100 years put some spaces in there.
So we're going to say you asked me is javascript going to be around in 100 years.
I think it should be.
I think I think I think that I don't know about that.
So yeah we can have a number of different kind of funny responses and the whole idea is just to have
some fun with this and see see what different kinds of responses you can generate.
So do try it for yourself I create some interesting creative responses tend to make them as generic
enough so that whatever the user is asking essentially we can respond back and have a fairly funny response
but for the user entertaining response back to the user using switch and a number of other javascript
that we've learned earlier.